it was different with you
didn't have to play any games it was
just real
I'd have done anything he wants me to
anyway
are you do you think about me and night
when the sky is losing a light I swear
my head fills up with man we stack up
secretly secretly that's cool that's
actually really hot it don't tell
anybody in school with us
like I talked to anyone at school never
don't even I'm with you you try to act
like you're friendless no you're not
that good or something
I feel like I'm walking around trying on
a hundred different versions of myself
and how do you know what you want most
of the time I don't have a clue you must
know what you feel your friends know
about us
[Music]
if you like everything's changed you
don't want to touch me but you get to
dictate ul stars we don't really think
that's what's going on here what is it
then they did use to think that I could
read your mind two times I don't know me
that's normal
[Music]